Updating the blog workflow README and categories (#198)
Quansight/Quansight-website: apps/labs/posts/thoughts-on-reviewing-for-accessibility.md

---

> title: 'Checking for accessibility: thoughts and a checklist!'

Reviewer: In my prior experience with Jekyll, which also uses a YAML-style(?) header like this for post metadata, I've found it good practice to just always quote my titles. Avoids a lot of headaches.

> author: isabela-presedo-floyd

Reviewer 2: This has to be the author slug, not name.

published: June 06, 2022
category: [Accessibility, OSS Experience]
featuredImage:
  src: /posts/thoughts-on-reviewing-for-accessibility/jlabaccess4.png

>   alt: Illustration of checkboxes with ticks and checkmarks

Reviewer 2: The `alt` field probably has same issue as title field in which colons break the yaml parser.

Author: Would quotes work here too?

Reviewer: > Would quotes work here too?

I would think so.

Reviewer 2: 💯 whatever approach we decide to take with the title field, we should also take the same approach here

Reviewer 3: The safest is to always "" enclose strings

>   alt: Illustration of checkboxes with ticks and checkmarks

Author: ```suggestion
  alt: 'Illustration of checkboxes with ticks and checkmarks'
```

hero:
  imageSrc: /posts/thoughts-on-reviewing-for-accessibility/hero.jpeg

>   imageAlt: Lorem ipsum dolor

Reviewer 2: We'll want to replace this lorem ipsum text evetually.

Author: yeah I know, But I'm waiting for the real Hero images. This is a placeholder.

author: Isabela Presedo-Floyd
published: June 06, 2022
category: [Accessibility, OSS Experience]
featuredImage:
  src: /posts/thoughts-on-reviewing-for-accessibility/jlabaccess4.png
  alt: Illustration of checkboxes with ticks and checkmarks 
hero:
  imageSrc: /posts/another-post/hero.jpeg
  imageAlt: Lorem ipsum dolor
---

## JupyterLab Accessibility Journey Part 4

Remember how [my last post in this series](https://labs.quansight.org/blog/2021/09/not-a-checklist/)
called out accessibility as much more complex than a checklist? True to my
sense of humor, this blog post is now a checklist. Irony? I don’t know the
meaning of the word.

Okay, okay. But seriously, here's how we got here. When I’m not making
my own work, much of my time is spent reviewing other people’s work. Whether
it’s design files, code contributions, blog posts, documentation, or
who-knows-what-this-week, I often find myself asking questions and giving
feedback about accessibility in the review process. This has prompted multiple
people to ask me what it is I’m considering when I review for accessibility.
Enough people have now asked that I’ve decided to write something down -- and
it's turned into a checklist.

> <!-- TEASER_END -->

Reviewer 2: I made this comment before running locally. I discovered then that this `TEASER_END` breaks our current compiler, so I removed it.

> <!-- TEASER_END -->

Reviewer 2: Is it called a compiler, by the way? The thing that transforms the markdown into html?

> <!-- TEASER_END -->

Author: Is it pandoc?
